No, it's too dangerous
I don't agree with that.
You can't go.
Brother, this is the only way.
The bird doesn't fall
You can never get out of this backwater
But the bird fell
What should I do with light rain?
Have you forgotten?
You're worse than a dog here
But Xiaoyu is my daughter after all
Can you take Ma Huayu away together?
If you want.
Then what are you thinking?
Your eldest brother
You have to know that I came to save you
Except for this goal
I don't care about anybody else.
younger brother
Am I indecisive?
But can the general really be trusted?
The Rakshasa Kingdom is really a terrible country
The kids here know the sloppy general color order
Content greedy stupid
But such a person has been sitting in a high position
This country can only be described as terrifying
Backward Chamber
Ugly is beautiful
What an interesting country.
This is also the most advanced soil
So what are you hesitating about, brother?
This kind of place doesn't need to exist at all
Ok be careful
It seems that I was sealed by the chick
Not only all my cultivation
And my star yearning for freedom and happiness
Don't worry, big brother.
Since I'm here, I'll definitely rescue you
So can you bring me one
I go to sophie
What are you doing here?